---
title: "White Paper, Website, Launch Plan"
date: "17Apr2023"
output:
  html_document: 
     toc: true
     toc_float: false
     toc_level: 5
     df_print: paged
---

# Attendees

```{r attendees, echo=FALSE, message=FALSE,  warning=FALSE, }
attend_list <- readr::read_csv("../CAMIS team members.csv")
knitr::kable(
       list(attend_list[c(1,6)]), "html")
```

# Agenda

-   White paper - Lyn/Min-Hua
-   Logo - All - voting!
-   Website progress - Christina
-   Launch Plan - Lyn
-   CAMIS-ONCO - Soma Sekhar
-   Volunteer Open Roles
-   Conference Attendance
-   AOB

# Meeting minutes

<<<<<<< HEAD
**White Paper Update: Lyn** PHUSE are doing technical review so hopefully will come back shortly with any comments. I reminded them last week.\
reviewed by leads team, now with steering committee ( Final review team), so hopefully not much longer.

**LOGO** - By a small majority the preferred option was the calculator without the P\<0.05 in it. This will now be redrawn & finalized. ACTION: Lyn will update website when image available. Will save under CAMIS/images so you can use for any posters/ presentations.
=======
**White Paper Update: Lyn** PHUSE are doing technical review so hopefully will come back shortly with any comments. I reminded them last week.

**LOGO** - Agree preferred option
>>>>>>> 18dc3c9f21ae65ebff54b6150da7d199d9f20e1b

**Website progress: Christina\
**All - review of progress & answer any questions

<<<<<<< HEAD
Survival - Mia has made great progress on survival, Christina and Lyn to help fix branch issue & then will get it pushed.

**ACTION :** Lyn to Create a video of creating a branch / doing updates. push/pull - github pull request.

Create a FAQ doc for the website.

**Launch Plan**

-   Blog writing - "Video" launch ?? - Lyn to write & distribute for review

-   Reaching out to

    -   PSI /EFSPI (Martin),

    -   R Consortium / PHUSE / RSS (Lyn)

    -   IASCT (Harshal)

    -   ASA (Min-hua may have contact or See if Ben has a contact- ACTION christina to check with ben then get back to Min-hua. Lily Hsieh to ask Leon as he's part of ASA. Aiming can also reach out to a contact to see she has a contact )

    -   Others : TBC

**CAMIS- ONCO: Soma Sekhar**

Plans are in progress

**Review of volunteer open roles**

-   Co-ordinator for conference material - share standard slides/ content /abstracts /posters
-   Social media rep - to co-ordinate posts (linkedIn/Twitter)
-   Volunteers to represent CAMIS at various conferences
=======
**Launch Plan**

-   Blog writing - Video launch - Lyn to write & distribute for review

-   Reaching out to PSI, PHUSE, RSS, EFSPI- Lyn

-   Reaching out to ASA or other statistical organizations?? - To discuss

**CAMIS- ONCO: Soma Sekhar**

**Review of volunteer open roles**

-   Co-ordinator for conference material - share standard slides/ content /abstracts
-   Social media rep - to co-ordinate posts (linkedIn/Twitter)
-   Volunteers to represent CAMIS at various conferneces
>>>>>>> 18dc3c9f21ae65ebff54b6150da7d199d9f20e1b

**Conferences**

**AOB**
